[Hugh Laurie]
THE ANCIENT GREEKS BELIEVED
THAT SWANS ONLY SANG ONCE
AT THE POINT OF THEIR DEATH--
ONE BEAUTIFUL LAST LAMENT.
WELL, THIS IS
MY LAST SWANLIKE LAMENT.
[choral music playing]
[man] OKAY.[engine revving]
[indistinct conversation]
I GOT THE CAKE!
THIS IS WHAT WE DO.[Hugh] YOU FEED
ANYTHING BETWEEN 200 AND 500
PEOPLE OUT OF THIS TRUCK.
YES. WE ALL WORK TOGETHER
AND WE TAKE CARE OF EACH OTHER.
PEOPLE ALREADY BELIEVE
THAT EVERYONE IN SHOW BUSINESS
LIVES ON LOBSTER
AND CHAMPAGNE.OH, REALLY?
YEAH.
AND THAT'S A FACT.IT'S NOT--
IT'S NOT GLAMOROUS.
IT ISN'T, THOUGH,
IS IT?
[camera shutters clicking]
THIS IS A CELEBRATION,
AND YOU CAN'T
HAVE A CELEBRATION
WITHOUT A CAKE.
[Massive Attack's "Teardrop"
playing]
I'M NOT SAYING "HOUSE M.D."
IS THE KING OF TV SHOWS...
WAIT A MINUTE,
ACTUALLY I AM SAYING THAT.
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY,
IF "HOUSE" IS THE KING,
THEN THE PEOPLE
WHO MAKE "HOUSE"
ARE PRINCES.
OH, THERE'S A MAN WITH A CAMERA
OUT THERE. THAT'S--
HA HA, SCARED HIM OFF.
[Hugh] OUTSTANDING MOMENTS
IN YOUR MEMORY
OF WORKING ON THIS SHOW?
DO YOU HAVE ANY?
ANY CHALLENGING, UH,
ARTISTS FILLING YOUR CHAIR
WHO YOU WANTED TO STRANGLE
BUT DIDN'T?
FOND MEMORIES?
UH, HUGH LAURIE.OH, STOP.
FOR THE LAST EIGHT YEARS,
AN INCREDIBLE JOURNEY FOR ME
AND FOR A LOT
OF OTHER PEOPLE, TOO.
SO, MS. MORRISON.YES, MR. LAURIE.
UM, ALLOW ME
TO SHOW YOU AROUND.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'VE--WELL, SO FAR, IT LOOKS
VERY FAMILIAR.
IT DOES,
DOESN'T IT?YES, VERY.
UH, I THINK WE WAXED THE FLOORS
SINCE YOU WERE LAST HERE.
OH, WOW.
YOU HAVE COUCHES?!
I LEAVE,
AND YOU GET COUCHES?JUST THAT MOMENT.
[laughs]THERE ARE
SOME MINUSES, TOO.
YOUR LOVELY ARROW-CUT
WHITE COAT
DOES NOT HANG OVER THE BACK
OF THOSE CHAIRS AS NICELY.[laughs]
"GADOLINIUM."OH, YEAH.
DO YOU REMEMBER THAT?
PILOT, WALKING DOWN
UNDERNEATH THIS THING.
I KNEW SHE WAS ALLERGIC
TO GADOLINIUM. FIGURED IT WAS
AN EASY WAY TO GET SOMEONE
TO CUT A HOLE IN HER THROAT.
I DO REMEMBER SAYING
"GADOLINIUM."
GADOLINIUM.I'M SURE
I LOOKED IT UP.
I FOUND ALL MY OLD--YOU DID.
WE DIDN'T HAVE CARDS
FOR ALL THE SEASONS.YOU SHAMED--
YOU SHAMED US ALL.
LUPUS, GOUT, GLAUCOMA,
OSTEOARTHRITIS, HYPERTENSION,
DIABETES--
STOP ME ANYTIME.
THE HEART COULD POINT
TO SARCOIDOSIS.[clears throat]
I'LL START
THE RIBAVIRIN.
IT'S GREAT TO HAVE THE OLD TEAM
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN, HUH?
[Hugh] WELL, I KNOW OMAR
GOT VERY PANICKY
AT ONE TIME ABOUT--
HE WAS CONVINCED
THAT HE HAD EVERYTHING.
"THIS IS A THING YOU CAN GET?
PEOPLE GET THIS?"
IT'S NOT S.S.P.E.
I CHECKED YOUR PAST VACCINATIONS
AGAINST JOE'S.
NO PAST MATCHES.
I MIGHT NOT COME BACK.
I'VE NEVER DONE A WILL.
I'LL CALL A LAWYER FOR YOU.
I WANT YOU TO BE
MY MEDICAL PROXY.
I NEED TO KNOW
THAT WE'RE OKAY.
WE'RE ALL MISSING
EACH OTHER.I DID AT ONE POINT
SORT OF CALCULATE,
AROUND SEASON 3
THAT WE'D DONE 284 SCENES
IN THE OUTER OFFICE.THAT'S A HELL
OF A THING.
THAT'S A HELL
OF A THING.IT ISA HELL
OF A THING.
[sighs]YEAH, YOU WERE
VERY MISSED.
[Hugh] WHAT IS THE WHITE BUCKET
YOU'RE CARRYING?
WHAT DOES
IT SIGNIFY?UH, WHITE BUCKET
IS OUR $5 FRIDAY BUCKET.
AND WHAT WE DO IS ALL THE CREW
MEMBERS WHO WANT TO INDULGE
PUT THEIR NAMES ON A $5 BILL,
TUCK IT INTO THE BUCKET HERE,
AND WE HAVE A WINNER
FOR $5 FRIDAY.
HOUSE IS A GUY
WHO HAS EMOTIONS,
HAS FEELINGS,
CARES ABOUT--
AMAZINGLY GOOD
AT READING PEOPLE.RIGHT.
WE HAD THIS ROLE OF HOUSE,
WHICH SORT OF EVERY ROLE
SORT OF REVOLVED AROUND
AND HAD SO MUCH INTERACTION
WITH THIS CHARACTER,
THAT WE HAD TO REALLY GET
THAT CHARACTER PERFECTLY,
OR THE SERIES
WOULD NOT HAVE WORKED.
WE READ SO MANY PEOPLE
FOR THIS PART.
WHEN AUDITIONING,
I CAN REMEMBER THINKING
I FEEL AS IF I KNOW
WHO THIS GUY IS,
THE CHARACTER OF HOUSE,
BUT I ALSO FEEL LIKE I KNOW
WHO THIS GUY DAVID SHORE IS--
THE MIND BEHIND THE MIND,
AS IT WERE.
I HAVE TENURE.
AREN'T YOU GONNA GRAB MY CANE,
STOP ME FROM LEAVING?
[Bryan Singer]
HUGH LAURIE WENT ON TAPE,
AND I WATCHED IT.
HE HAD THE RIGHT KIND OF VOICE.
AND HE HAD
A GOOD RAZOR STUBBLE GOING.
AND I THOUGHT, THIS--
THIS GUY FEELS LIKE HOUSE.
AND THANK GOODNESS
HE'S AN AMERICAN,
SO HE CAN PRONOUNCE ALL THIS--
ALL THIS TOUGH MEDICAL JARGON.
THYROTOXIC
PERIODIC PARALYSIS?
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THAT IS.
LEUKOENCEPHALOPATHY?YOU STOP.
IF I KNEW WHAT WAS WRONG,
I WOULD TELL YOU.
[woman] ROLLING,
ROLLING!
♪
[House] EVERYBODY LIES.
♪ IS GOIN' UP IN FLAMES
IF LYING TO A PATIENT WOULD SAVE
THEIR LIFE, WOULD YOU DO IT?
NO.THAT'S A LIE.
EVERYONE LIES, BUT THERE'S
AN EXCEPTION TO EVERY RULE.
ACTUALLY, THERE ISN'T.
KINDA WHAT MAKES IT A RULE.
"INTERIOR. I.C.U.--DAY.
"HE'S REVIVED, ALIVE,
BUT VERY WEEK.
STACY'S BESIDE HERSELF
WITH WORRY."
IF THIS WERE ANY OTHER PATIENT,
WHAT WOULD YOU TELL THEM TO DO?
I WOULD SAY
IT'S THEIR CHOICE.
NOT A CHANCE.
YOU'D BROWBEAT THEM
UNTIL THEY MADE THE CHOICE
YOU KNEW WAS RIGHT.
WE'VE GOT TO LET 'EM
CUT THE LEG OFF.IT'S MY LEG.
IT'S MY LIFE.
[Hugh] HOW MANY CANES
HAVE WE LOST, DO YOU THINK?LOST OR BROKEN?
I WOULD SAY PROBABLY
JUST SLIGHTLY LESS THAN 100.
WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
HE WAS NOT ALWAYS WALKING
AROUND WITH A CANE.
IN FACT, WE PICTURED HIM
IN A WHEELCHAIR.
BUT A WHEELCHAIR
IS NOT THE BEST IDEA,
BECAUSE OF
THE OBVIOUS LIMITATIONS.
SO THEN WE BRIEFLY CONSIDERED
A SCAR...
AND THEN A CANE.
KNOWING THAT IT WAS A CANE
AND KNOWING
THAT I WANTED SOMEONE
WHO COULD WALK DOWN
THOSE HALLS AND HOLD THE CENTER,
YOU KNOW,
HEIGHT BECAME IMPORTANT,
AND PHYSICALITY
BECAME IMPORTANT.
THE TRUTH IS HE'S HIDING,
BECAUSE HE'S HANDICAPPED.
THAT WAS WHERE IT ALL
SORT OF STARTED FROM.
[Wilson] WHAT'S THE POINT
OF PUTTING TOGETHER A TEAM
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA
USE THEM?
YOU'VE GOT THREE OVERQUALIFIED
DOCTORS WORKING FOR YOU,
GETTING BORED.
I DON'T NEED A TEAM.
YOU WERE BOUNCING IDEAS
OFF A JANITOR.
COME ON.
GOTTA EARN THAT FIVER.
THE THING THAT I FIND
INTERESTING ABOUT HOUSE
AS A CHARACTER
IS HIS, UH, DISTANCE
AND HIS APATHY
AND HIS, UM,
REMOVAL FROM ANY KIND
OF, UH, CONNECTION.
HOUSE, YOU PLAY A GUITAR
YOU GOT IN NINTH GRADE.EIGHTH.
YOU'RE LIVING IN THE SAME
APARTMENT FOR 15 YEARS.
YOU DRIVE A 10-YEAR-OLD CAR.
YOU ARE NOT GOOD WITH CHANGE.
THAT USED TO BE TRUE,
BUT I CHANGED.
YOU'RE FIRED.
WHAT, BECAUSE I--
I YELLED AT YOU?IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGE.
[Jesse] AS AN AUDIENCE MEMBER,
WE KNOW THESE CHARACTERS
AND TO SEE THEM PLACED
IN THEIR INDIVIDUAL SITUATIONS
AND THEIR--THEIR QUIRKS
AND, UH, YOU KNOW, THEIR
PERSONALITIES COME THROUGH.
HAVE YOU EVEN INTERVIEWED
ANYBODY?
YOU TEST-DRIVE A CAR
BEFORE YOU BUY IT.
YOU HAVE SEX
BEFORE YOU GET MARRIED.
I CAN'T HIRE A TEAM BASED
ON A 10-MINUTE INTERVIEW.
WHAT IF I DON'T LIKE
HAVING SEX WITH 'EM?
[plays guitar]
I LOVE IT. I THINK--I ENJOY
THE HUMOR OF OUR WRITERS.
I MEAN, THEY ARE SO CLEVER.
AND JUST WHAT WE
GET AWAY WITH SOMETIMES--
IT'S HILARIOUS.
EVERY SHIP HAS ITS ENGINE ROOM.
EVERY RESTAURANT
HAS ITS KITCHEN.
AND EVERY TV SHOW HAS PEOPLE--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY DO.
WHAT DO YOU DO IN HERE?I MAKE THE TRAINS
RUN ON TIME.
EVERY RULE GETS FOLLOWED.YEAH, THEY'RE APPARENT.
EVERY RULE IS FOLLOWED.
YOU HAVE TO, UM, YOU KNOW,
BE INVENTIVE
TO MAKE IT WORK.LIKE, WHEN WE DID
THE COAST GUARD RESCUE
AT SEA...
UNBELIEVABLE.ONE OF OUR PEOPLE
THOUGHT THAT WE HAD
TO BRING IN A REAL HELICOPTER
OVER THE TANK IN PACOIMA,
BUT THAT WAS A PROCESS.
IT'S GETTING--YOU'RE SPOILING
THE MAGIC, MARCY.
[knocks on door]
THAT'S MORE INVOICES
THAN I'VE EVEN SEEN
IN MY LIFE,
NEVER MIND GONE THROUGH
FOR A SINGLE SHOW.
[knocking]
IT SAYS
"PRODUCTION DESIGNER."
WHAT IT MEANS IS,
UH, GENIUS.
BEHIND SETS LIKE THESE
ARE PEOPLE LIKE THEM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
WAS YOUR BIGGEST, UH,
THE BIGGEST CHALLENGE?MAYFIELD WAS PROBABLY
THE MOST FUN, I THINK.
YOU SORT OF BUILT
A WING OF A HOSPITAL.YEAH.
...YOU'RE SAYING.RIGHT. WE DID A WHOLE WORLD.
WE DID THE EXTERIOR.
WE DID THE INTERIOR.
THAT WAS FUN.YEAH.
"'BROKEN'--SCENE 53.
"INTERIOR.
E.R. WAITING ROOM--NIGHT.
"START ON HOUSE
AS HE SITS IN A CHAIR ALONE
"STARING INTO SPACE,
"HOLDING FREEDOM MASTER'S
BLOOD-SPECKLED JACKET.
OFFSCREEN..."[Nolan] HE'S LUCKY
TO BE ALIVE.
YOU DON'T CARE
ABOUT ANYTHING, HOUSE.
I'M TRANSFERRING YOU
TO WINSLOW PSYCHIATRIC.
YOU'LL HAVE BETTER LUCK PULLING
THE WOOL OVER THEIR EYES.
I'M DONE.
DON'T.
I NEED HELP.
WE'RE ALL WORRIED
MY HERO, HOUSE,
IS, YOU KNOW, IN TROUBLE,
AND HE'S GOING
TO A PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL.
AND YOU SHOULD ALSO WELCOME
GREG TO THE FLOOR.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE NAME.
JUST PASSING THROUGH.
[Hugh] I LOVE "BROKEN."
I THINK IT GAVE THE WHOLE--
NOT JUST THE SEASON,
BUT THE WHOLE SIX YEARS--
IT GAVE THAT A SORT OF SHAPE
AND A MEANING
AND, UH, A KIND OF TRUTH.
I-I, UH, YES.
YEAH, A KIND OF TRUTH.
DON'T WANT TO BREAK
ANY HEARTS.
CAN WE GO OUTSIDE?[man] WE BUILT
AN ENTIRE MENTAL FACILITY.
[man] OKAY.HE'S THE CLAUSTROPHOBIC ONE,
RIGHT?
WE CONSTRUCTED A SLAVE SHIP.
AS THE SHOW GOT MORE SUCCESSFUL,
IT SEEMED LIKE WE BUILT
A LOT MORE.
WE PROVIDED WORK
FOR REALLY THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
IN THE SEVEN YEARS
THAT I'VE BEEN HERE.
IT'S MADE A LOT OF PEOPLE
VERY HAPPY.
[violin playing]
AND, LO, THE SETS WERE GOOD.
THIS IS JESSE'S LAST TIME
HE EVER WEARS THIS.
IT IS THE LAST TIME
I EVER WEAR IT. LOOK.[woman] YEAH, THIS IS--
THAT'S ME
WHEN I WAS--YEAH.JESSE WAS 12,
AND NOW HE'S 19.
YOU LOOK GREAT, PETER.
DON'T LET THE FANS TELL YOU
YOU DON'T.
THE DIFFERENCE IS THAT
I ACTUALLY LOOK LIKE A DOCTOR.
[Peter] NOW WHOSE BLOOD
IS IT, REALLY?
[Jesse]
O, A-NEGATIVE...[man] IT'S MOSTLY
FOOD COLORING...
AND POSITIVE.AND, UH, CORN SYRUP.
[Chase] HOW LONG DO YOU THINK
YOU'LL WORK FOR HOUSE?
AS LONG AS HE LETS ME.
[man] ALL OUR INSTRUMENTS
ARE BASICALLY REAL,
BUT AS YOU CAN SEE,
WE HAVE TONS AND TONS OF...
AY-YI-YI-YI-
YI-YI-YI-YI.AY-YI-YI.
THAT COME OUT.
LOOK AT IT.GOD, IT'S ENDLESS.
[man] AND CUT.
GREAT, PETER. YOU HAPPY?[Peter] YEP.
OH, GOOD.[man] ALL RIGHT,
CUTTING.
I'M GONNA MISS SURGERY
AND JEFFREY...
THIS IS
YOUR LAST SURGERY.THIS IS
MY LAST SURGERY.
[Foreman] SLOW THE HEART DOWN
SO IT DOESN'T--
[Chase] DAMN. CLAMP.THE LEAK IS TOO FAST.
NO, IT'S NOT.
WE CAN FIX THIS.
[monitor beeping]
[sustained tone]
IT WORKED.[heart beating]
OMAR, IN MY OPINION,
ON THE SHOW HE HAS TAKEN
THE WORST...[Jesse] YES, HE HAS
TAKEN IT THE WORST.
HAVING THE EXPLODING
COLON...WHY IS THAT?
[Peter]
I REMEMBER THAT.BECAUSE HE'S SUCH
A TENSE CHARACTER.
[man] MAYBE A LITTLE
MORE PRESSURE.
NOT TOO MUCH.
IF IT IS THE END AND WE--
[man] YEAH, LET'S DO
THE HIGH FIVE.[imitates whip crack]
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG, AND--
EITHER YOU'RE RIGHT,
AND YOUR FRIEND IS...
[man]
WE RECORD IT ON THE DAY.
WE KNOW RIGHT AWAY
IT'S GOING TO A.D.R.
HE SEES IT. HE SEES IT.
HE SEES IT.
WE HOPE THAT PETER
GETS IT.HE SEES IT.
HE SEES IT!
DID YOU GET ANYTHING THERE
THAT'LL WORK?
[man] I THINK ONE
AND TWO...ONE AND TWO WORK.
MAY BE THE LONE WOLF ON SET.
HE GETS LEFT OUT.
SO WE INVITE HIM IN HERE
AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
SO HE FEELS AT HOME.I'VE ALWAYS
BEEN SURPRISED
AT JUST HOW SMOOTHLY
AND RESPECTFULLY
YOU GUYS
ALL WORK TOGETHER.
IT'S PRETTY UNBELIEVABLE.
IT REALLY IS AMAZING.
'CAUSE THE ACTORS
HATE EACH OTHER.
SAY THE LINE.SAY THE LINE.
YOU KNOW, TO BE HONEST,
IT'S KIND OF NICE
WALKING INTO A HAIR
AND MAKEUP TRAILER
AND KNOWING THAT YOU'RE
GONNA GET MADE UP,
AND YOU DON'T HAVE
TO DO A THING.
YOU JUST SIT IN THAT CHAIR,
RELAX,
AND LET MARIANNA
DO HER WORK.
THEY'RE SO GREAT.[Odette]
TALK ABOUT CHARLYNE.
CHARLYNE'S THE TROUBLEMAKER
OF THE TRAILER.YES.
THE GIRLS ARE IN HERE.
IT'S VERY CALM.
IT'S A CALM ENVIRONMENT
UNTIL THE GUYS GET IN HERE,
AND THEN ALL OF 'EM
COME IN AT ONCE,
AND THEN IT'S SORT OF NUTS.
I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE
TO JUST SIT BACK AND DO SUDOKU
AND BE AS QUIET AS OMAR,
BUT I-IT'S JUST
NOT IN MY NATURE.
AND I'M GONNA MISS,
YOU KNOW, JESSE AND, UH,
JESSE WAS ALWAYS
REALLY WILLING
TO--TO KIBBUTZ
ALONG WITH ME.
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO--DO YOU
KNOW WHAT "KIBBUTZING" MEANS?
YES.YEAH. I LIKE TO KIBBUTZ
IN THE MAKEUP TRAILER.
[Odette] EVERYBODY
GETS ALONG VERY WELL.
IT'S VERY MUCH LIKE A FAMILY.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
WE ARE SPENDING
MORE TIME WITH OUR CREW
AND OUR CAST
AND EVERYBODY IN PRODUCTION
MORE THAN OUR FAMILIES.
SO IT'S A GOOD THING
WE GET ALONG.
YOU HANG OUT A--MUCH LONGER
THAN YOU NEED TO BE IN HERE FOR.
I MEAN, YOU--
YOU ACTUALLY LIKE US.[Charlyne]
IT'S 'CAUSE I'M LONELY.
IT'S 'CAUSE I'M SAD
AND LONELY.OH, YEAH,
THERE'S THAT.
FIRST THING WE'RE GONNA SHOOT
IS WITH OUR REAL ACTORS,
WITH CHARLYNE FOR SURE.
THEN THE STUNT PEOPLE
WILL TAKE OVER.
[man] THREE, TWO, ONE,
ACTION.
EFFECTS IS HOT.
HERE WE GO.ACTION.
IT WAS, LIKE,
NOT A BIG DEAL, RIGHT?
YEAH, IT WAS TOTALLY NOT
A BIG DEAL. LIKE, WHATEVER.IT WAS TOTALLY FINE.
I HAVE FIVE DAYS LEFT.
FIVE DAYS, DUDE.
♪
WELL, ENOUGH
WITH THE PAMPERING.
MAKING ME LOOK GOOD
TAKES REAL WORK.
[Hugh] AND WHAT YOU HAVE
TO DO TO ME IS A TRIFLE
COMPARED TO THESE GUYS.
WHOA!
STABBED, SHOT,
ELECTROCUTED...DR. HOUSE!
POISONED, OVERDOSED,
CARDIAC ARREST,
LEG SURGERY--SELF-ADMINISTERED.
I DIED FOR A WHILE.
OH, MY GOD,
HIS BLOOD PRESSURE IS DROPPING.
[flatline tone]SOMETIMES
THEY JUST DON'T MAKE IT.
IT MAY LOOK RELAXED,
BUT THESE FELLOWS
HAVE BEEN WORKING
SINCE ABOUT 4:00
IN THE MORNING,
AND THEY HAVE POWER TOOLS.
ALL SET.[Hugh] "COME FLY 'HOUSE'"
WASN'T IT?
TELL ME
WHAT THAT SIGN MEANS.THIS MEANS
IT'S ACTING TIME.
[man] AND... ACTION.
'CAUSE THE ONLY CAGE I SEE
IS RIGHT THERE.
[Hugh] THOUGHTS, GARY?
THREE DAYS TO GO.
A LOOK BACK,
POIGNANT MEMORIES?
I LOOK FORWARD TO THREE
REALLY, UH, BUSY DAYS...
YEAH.AND A QUALITY
FINAL EPISODE
AND A HANDSHAKE AND A HUG
AND A GOOD-BYE
AND A "GOOD LUCK."
THIS IS HOW
WE CONTROL THE CROWDS.
THEY CAN EITHER READ THE WORDS,
OR YOU CAN HIT THEM WITH IT.
♪♪♪
[man] $5 FRIDAY FOLKS,
STEP ON UP AND TUCK A BUCK.
IT COULD BE
YOUR LUCKY DAY, BROTHER!
I THINK NEXT, WE CAN--
WE'LL DO THIS SECTION FIRST.
EVEN BEFORE THE DIRECTOR
STARTS PLACING THE SHOTS
OR WHATEVER,
THE CREW'S ALREADY OUT.
♪ GO ON, SUGAR
♪ AND MOVE ON DOWN THE ROAD
[Hugh] WHAT DO YOUR FRIENDS
THINK YOU DO DURING THE DAY?
DO YOU TELL 'EM YOU WORK
ON SOMETHING ELSE?
WE SPEND A LOT OF TIME HERE,
AND WE LIKE TO HAVE FUN,
SO...YEAH, WE HAVE A LOT OF FUN
ON THE SET.
ALL RIGHT,
SO, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
OUR FINAL $5 FRIDAY
ON "HOUSE."
$2,865.
I WANT TO THANK EVERYBODY
FOR PARTICIPATING.
GOD, THE PRESSURE.
RON--
RON, DREW, AND CHRISTINE![cheers and applause]
RON, DREW, AND CHRISTINE!
HECK, YEAH! THANK YOU
VERY MUCH, EVERYBODY!
BRAVO.I LOVE YOU ALL!
♪♪♪
HOUSE AS A CHARACTER
IS A STRONG CUP OF COFFEE.
EVERY NOW AND THEN,
HE COMES UNDER ATTACK.
YOU ARE HUGH LAURIE.I AM.
YOU PORTRAY THE CHARACTER
DR. GREGORY HOUSE.
I DO/DID.
YOU'RE ENGLISH.I AM ENGLISH, YES.
I'M A CITIZEN
OF THE UNITED KINGDOM,
A SUBJECT OF HER MAJESTY
QUEEN ELIZABETH II.
HEY. WE'RE WONDERING IF YOU
CAN CLARIFY A FEW THINGS
ABOUT THIS CHARACTER,
ABOUT HIS PERSONALITY,
ABOUT HIS METHODS.I'LL DO MY BEST.
I CAN GIVE YOU
SOME EXAMPLES.I'D LIKE TO HEAR THEM
FROM YOUR MOUTH, YES.
FRANKLY, SOMETIMES HE JUST SEEMS
LIKE HE'S BEING MEAN.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?APPARENTLY A MORON.
YOU'RE A MORON.
UH... [chuckles]
CHICAGO
HAS A GREAT PROGRAM,
AND YOU'RE A DUMB-ASS.
WAS THERE A POINT TO THAT,
DO YOU THINK?
WELL...
YES. SORRY.
STUCK A THERMOMETER UP
DETECTIVE TRITTER'S REAR END.
ANUS.OH!
AND HIS HIRING PRACTICES
ARE NOT MUCH MORE
THAN AN OPPORTUNITY TO MOCK.
GOOD. THEN CAN WE DO
A SECRET SANTA?
I LIKED YOU BETTER
15 SECONDS AGO
WHEN YOU WERE AFRAID
FOR YOUR JOB.
IF PEOPLE FIND THESE
WORKING CONDITIONS INTOLERABLE,
THEY'RE FREE TO LEAVE.
THEY CAN SUBMIT
THEIR NOTICE,
AND OCCASIONALLY
SOME OF THEM DO.I DIDN'T FAIL.
YOU FIRED ME.
REPEATEDLY.BUT IF YOU WALK AWAY NOW,
AFTER I JUST REHIRED YOU,
THAT'S QUITTING.
[Hugh]
I LOVE THE WORLD OF "HOUSE."
IT CAN GO
FROM THE BROADLY COMIC
TO THE ANGRY SATIRE
TO THE SORT OF
GUT-WRENCHING TRAGEDY
TO A HORROR MOVIE,
UM, IN THE SPACE OF SECONDS.
[helicopter whirring]
CAN ANYBODY HEAR ME?
"INTERIOR. THE HOLE--
NIGHT.
"CUDDY, FIELD AMPUTATION KIT
AT HER SIDE,
"IS TALKING
TO INTRANSIGENT HANNA.
"HER ANGIOCATH
HAS BEEN REMOVED.
"HANNA.
'NO. DR. HOUSE PROMISED.'
CUDDY.
'IF THERE WAS...'"IF THERE WAS
ANY OTHER WAY...
IT DOESN'T HURT RIGHT NOW.
I CAN WAIT.
[man] IT WAS AN ENORMOUSLY
TIGHT SPACE.
THERE WAS ABOUT 18 INCHES
OF ACTUAL SET.
SO IF YOU'RE IN THERE, YOU HAVE
TO CRAWL AROUND ON YOUR BELLY.
YOU HAVE TO ACT
IN THE ACTUAL SPACE.
IT'S NOT MADE ANY BIGGER
FOR CAMERA.
WE REALLY WANTED TO BE
INSIDE HUGH'S HEAD.
THIS SHALLOW DEPTH OF FIELD--
IT'S QUITE STUNNING.
THE FOCUS WAS
UNBELIEVABLY DIFFICULT
FOR OUR ASSISTANT CAMERAMAN.
SOMETIMES WE'RE DEALING
WITH LITERALLY FOCUS,
YOU KNOW, OF HALF AN INCH.
LITERALLY, IF YOU JUST BREATHE
WITH THE CAMERA,
YOU'RE SOFT IN YOUR SHOT.
YOU'RE SOFT.
[man] WE TOOK THAT CAMERA
AND PUT IT WHERE IT
HAD NEVER BEEN BEFORE.
WHAT WE SHOT...
RIGHT. YEAH.IN A WHOLE SHOW
FORCED US TO REALLY THINK
OUT OF THE BOX.
[man] AND I WAS
UNCHARACTERISTICALLY EMOTIONAL
WHEN WE WERE SHOOTING,
BECAUSE THE SCENE ITSELF
IS HEARTBREAKING,
AND THE CHARACTERS DEVASTATED ME
IN THAT SCENE.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT
IF I DID THE RIGHT THING,
IF I TREATED PEOPLE RIGHT,
THEN GOOD THINGS
WOULD HAPPEN TO ME.
YOU THINK
THAT'S HOW IT WORKS?
I THINK IT USED TO.
NOW I DON'T KNOW.
I LOVE THE WEEK-TO-WEEK
OF THE SHOW,
BUT I REALLY WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THIS GUY IS ABOUT.
I WANT TO KNOW
LISA CUDDY BETTER.
WHO THESE PEOPLE ARE,
AND I WANT TO KNOW WHAT
THEY'RE LIKE IN SITUATIONS
WHEN THEY'RE TAKEN OUTSIDE
THEIR EVERYDAY ENVIRONMENT.
[breathing heavily]
WHAT?IT'S NOT A CLOT.
IT'S A FAT EMBOLISM
FROM THE AMPUTATION.WHAT CAN WE DO?
DO SOMETHING. PLEASE.
PLEASE, DO SOMETHING.
PLEASE, COME ON, DO SOMETHING!
[Foreman]
THIS WASN'T YOUR FAULT.THAT'S THE POINT!
I DID EVERYTHING RIGHT.
SHE DIED ANYWAY.
WHY THE HELL DO YOU THINK THAT
WOULD MAKE ME FEEL ANY BETTER?
YOU THINK
I CAN FIX MYSELF?
I DON'T KNOW.
'CAUSE I'M THE MOST SCREWED-UP
PERSON IN THE WORLD.
I KNOW.
I LOVE YOU.
[Hugh] I THINK THIS IS
THE UNENDING CHALLENGE
OF TRYING TO LOVE
SOMEONE LIKE HOUSE.
YOU MAY NOT THINK HIM WORTH
LOVING. I PERSONALLY DO.
I DO LOVE HIM
AND THINK HIM WORTH LOVING.
[House] FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO RESOLVE OUR DIFFERENCES.
THERE ALREADY IS A MECHANISM
FOR THAT.
[laughing] YOU'RE LAUGHING.
STOP.
[Lisa]
THE HOUSE/CUDDY RELATIONSHIP
I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT
HAD LAYERS TO IT.
I THINK IN THE PILOT IT'S CLEAR
THAT IT HAS A HISTORY.
IT'S 5:00.
I'M GOING HOME.
TO WHAT?NICE.
TRYING TO CONVINCE
AN INSANE PERSON
NOT TO DO INSANE THINGS
IS IN ITSELF INSANE.
YOU CAN'T STOP OUR LOVE!
[Robert] THE FUN IS IN WATCHING
THEM, UH, STRUGGLE.NO!
NO. NO!THE FUN IS WATCHING THEM
STRUGGLE NOT GETTING TOGETHER
OR MAYBE GETTING TOGETHER
OR THINKING
ABOUT GETTING TOGETHER.
ACTUALLY BEING TOGETHER
MIGHT NOT BE MUCH FUN.
PEOPLE WHO GET CLOSE TO YOU
GET HURT. THAT'S A FACT.
I SLEPT WITH CUDDY.
THIS IS FANTASTIC.
HOW ARE YOU GONNA SCREW IT UP?
I FEEL HURT.
IT DIDN'T REALLY NECESSARILY
GET EXPLORED FOR A LONG TIME,
BUT TO ME,
IT WAS ALWAYS THERE.
[woman] YOU DROVE YOUR CAR
INTO YOUR EX-GIRLFRIEND'S HOUSE
AND THEN FLED THE COUNTRY
FOR THREE MONTHS.
[man] ARE YOU SORRY
ABOUT WHAT YOU DID?[House] YES.
WE NEED YOU
TO SHOW US REMORSE.
IS THAT HOW
OUR SYSTEM WORKS?
RELEASE THE BEST ACTORS?
EVERYONE HAS
A VERY SPECIFIC
AND PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
WITH HOUSE.
PULL MY RIBBON,
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I MEANT.HOUSE.
"'HOUSE'S HEAD.' SCENE 54.
"INTERIOR. BUS. DRIVING--
NIGHT.
"INSIDE HOUSE'S MIND.
"WOMAN IN BLACK. 'HOUSE?'
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK IS THERE
ONCE AGAIN,
"BUT THIS TIME, HER BLACK PANTS
ARE NOW BLUE,
"HER BLACK SHIRT AND JACKET
ARE NOW TAN,
AND HER BLACK SCARF
IS NOW RED."
WHY ARE YOU HERE?THERE MUST BE A REASON?
YOU HAVE SOMETHING
TO TELL ME.
YES. WHO AM I?
WHY THE GUESSING GAME?
BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW
THE ANSWER.
WHAT'S MY NECKLACE
MADE OF?
YOU KNOW THE CLUES.
WHO AM I?
AMBER?
ON THE ONE HAND,
WE HAD A PRACTICAL BUS,
BUT WHEN IT WAS A FLASHBACK
OR AN HALLUCINATION,
THEN IT WAS SURREAL.
AND THEN SUDDENLY,
IT BECOMES REAL AT THE VERY END.
[man] REMOVING
THE SAFETY CLAMPS!EVERYTHING IN THE PRODUCTION
NEEDED TO BE COORDINATED.
[man] WE REHEARSED THIS STUNT,
YOU KNOW, IN ITS ENTIRETY,
FROM FLIPPING THIS GIMBAL RIG
ALL THE WAY OVER.
AND THEN ONCE WE'VE ELIMINATED
ALL THE VARIABLES
AND KNOW WHERE PEOPLE
ARE GONNA LAND BASICALLY
AND WHAT THEY'RE GONNA NEED
AS FAR AS SAFETY GOES,
I PUT ALL THE ELEMENTS TOGETHER,
AND THEN WE TURNED IT OVER
WITH EVERYBODY.
IN THE VERY ULTIMATE THING
WITH AMBER,
WE HAD BACKGROUND
THAT WAS SHOT PRACTICALLY.
WE ADDED A C.G. DUMP TRUCK
TO THE BACKGROUND.
WE ALSO HAD
OUR SPECIAL EFFECTS PEOPLE
THROWING RUBBER GLASS
THROUGH THE WINDOW.
THROUGH THE USE
OF PHYSICAL MODELS
AND THINGS THAT ARE CREATED
ENTIRELY IN THE COMPUTER,
HE WAS ABLE TO CREATE
THAT WORLD.
[Elan] WE HAD FANS GOING,
LOTS AND LOTS OF BITS
AND PIECES.
[Olivia] THERE'S THAT MOMENT
WHERE AMBER--
IT'S THE POINT OF IMPACT
WHEN THE BUS WAS HIT,
AND HER BODY
GOING FORWARD--
I THOUGHT THAT
WAS EXTRAORDINARY.
♪♪♪
GOOD THING I BROUGHT
MY AX CANE.
I'M DAVID SHORE,
AND I'VE DONE 177 EPISODES.
ROBERT SEAN LEONARD.
I PLAY WILSON,
AND, UH, IT'S BEEN
177 EPISODES.
HOUSE.
177 EPISODES.[laughter]
UH, OMAR EPPS,
FOREMAN PILOT.[laughter and applause]
UM, 265 EPISODES?
[laughter]
I THINK I'M, LIKE, 98.21 EPISODES.
[David S.] WE START
THE FINAL EPISODE
ON HOUSE'S FACE,
COMPLETELY PASSED OUT
ON THE FLOOR.
AND AS WE GO TO FRAME,
WE END THE SERIES.
[Hugh] I KNOW
I WAS GRUMPY TODAY.
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO HOLD IT TOGETHER,
BECAUSE THAT WAS A VERY,
VERY EMOTIONAL MOMENT.
WE'D COME RIGHT TO THE END.
DOWNTOWN SOMEWHERE IN L.A.
I HAVE NO CLUE WHERE I'M AT.
THESE ARE THE LAST DAYS.
♪♪♪
THERE ARE SO MANY
DIFFERENT LAYERS TO THE SHOW.
THERE'S SOUND. THERE'S THE
ACTING. THERE'S THE DIRECTING.
THERE'S THE WRITING.
THERE'S THE CASTING.
THERE'S THE WARDROBE.
THERE'S THE MAKEUP.
THERE'S THE SPECIAL EFFECTS,
SO MANY DIFFERENT COMPONENTS
WORKING TOWARDS A COMMON THEME
IN EVERY FRAME OF THE SHOW.
I AM WEARING PANTS
WITH DOGS ON THEM,
AND THE REASON FOR THAT
IS I'M SICK. I HAVE THE FLU.
I ARRIVED HERE AT 6:30 P.M.,
WHICH IS MY CALL.
I THINK WE'RE SHOOTING
TILL 4:30 A.M.
I'VE GOTTA WORK WITH OMAR,
WHICH ALWAYS MAKES ME
SLIGHTLY SLEEPY,
JUST HIS ACTING STYLE.
[growling]
WE GO TO WAR, BABY.
OUR DEPARTMENT'S
INTERFACED WITH THE PUBLIC.
WE DO SO MUCH PREP WORK
AND SO MUCH GROUNDWORK
EVERYTHING'S
ON A DEADLINE.IT'S A LOT OF FUN.
12 DIFFERENT DEPARTMENTS
ON TIME, READY TO GO,
WITH EVERY SINGLE PIECE
OF EQUIPMENT.
THEY'RE LIKE THE MARINES.
THEY'RE THE FIRST ONES IN.
SO YOU GUYS LIKE
WHEN WE WRAP EARLY.OH, YEAH.
[Omar] THAT'S WHAT
IT'S ALL ABOUT.
IF YOU WANT
TO KNOW PEOPLE WELL,
YOU SHOULD SEE THEM
AT 5:00 IN THE MORNING.
YOU'LL EITHER LIKE THEM
MORE OR LESS.
WITH THESE PEOPLE,
IT'S DEFINITELY MORE.
[man] CUT!
[indistinct conversation]
I ONLY WANT TO SAY
AS WE GO
INTO THE LAST SHOW
THAT WE WILL EVER MAKE,
THAT NONE OF US
REALLY GET A CHANCE
TO LOOK EACH OTHER
IN THE EYE AND SAY
"THAT WAS AN INCREDIBLE THING
THAT YOU DID."
THAT THERE WAS A SET
THAT WAS DRAWN ON A MONDAY,
BUILT ON A TUESDAY, AND ACTED ON
ON A WEDNESDAY
IS JUST MIND-BENDING.THIS SHOW BELONGS
TO ALL OF US,
AND IT'S SOMETHING
I'M EXTRAORDINARILY PROUD OF.
THREE, TWO, ONE!
[cheering]
♪♪♪
SO THIS IS IT.
HERE'S TO THE LAST DAY.
8 YEARS AND 177 SHOWS.
IT'S ALMOST
5 MILLION MAN-HOURS,
OR IF YOU PREFER,
566.6 YEARS.
4,074 MILES OF FILM.
JUST 1 MORE MILE TO GO.
[multiple voices] ROLLING!
[man] AND ACTION.I THINK IT'S BECAUSE
ALL OF ME BELIEVES
THAT FOREMAN IS A SUCKER
FOR AN EMOTIONAL PLEA.
CUT.[exhales]
[man] GOOD.ALL RIGHT,
THAT'S A WRAP, GUYS!
[cheering]
[man] MR. HUGH LAURIE![cheering]
MR. HUGH LAURIE.
MORNING, HUGH. AND THEY'RE ALL BEING
VERY POLITE TO ME,
BECAUSE I'VE LAID ON A PLANE
FOR OUR VERY LAST TRIP.
IT WAS EITHER THAT
OR NINE HOURS IN A VAN,
AND I THOUGHT, WELL,
IF ANYBODY'S DESERVED IT,
THEY HAVE.
THAT'S THE INTERNATIONAL SIGN
OF SOMEONE GOING UP
IN A HELICOPTER.
[Robert] SO PROUD OF MYSELF
I FORGET THE NEXT THING.
YOU TELL 'EM THEY'RE NOT LOSING
THEIR BOYISH GOOD LOOKS
OR BECOMING WORN OUT.I, UH, OKAY.
[muttering]
YOUR HUSBAND CONTINUES
TO DECLINE.
I'M SORRY.[man laughs]
DID YOU JUST GIVE ME THE NOD
TO DO THAT?
[laughing]
I CANNOT ABIDE THAT.
OY, CAN I DO THAT AGAIN?
I'M SO SORRY.
♪ AND WE REST
IN THIS SLEEPLESS STALL ♪
♪ UNTIL THE MORNING
SHOWS LIGHT ON IT ALL ♪
[man] ALL RIGHT,
ONE MORE TIME, HERE WE GO.
[woman]
GOING AGAIN.[laughing]
[man] YOU'RE SO CUTE.[man] I'M SORRY. CUT.
[Hugh] WE STARTED
IN THIS ROOM...[woman] JULY 13...
JULY 13, 2004.2004.
[Hugh] GOD SAKE.[Cathy]
OUR VERY FIRST FITTING
ON THE TV SHOW
"HOUSE."WOW.
I LOOK JUST LIKE
MY SON.I KNOW, RIGHT?
WELL, YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO GO
FOR THAT SO QUICKLY, CATHY.
YOU'RE GONNA RUIN IT.[laughs]
OUR VERY FIRST FITTING.
AND, UH, THIS IS OUR VERY LAST
FITTING FOR "HOUSE."
IT SAYS IT ALL.
IRA HURVITZ--
I'VE CALLED HIM OUT MANY TIMES.
I'VE ACTUALLY
SEEN HIM ASLEEP.
I'VE ACTUALLY CAUGHT HIM
FALLING ASLEEP.
I'M JUST GONNA
DRAW OUT THREE AT RANDOM.
[laughter]
AND EVERYONE ELSE
CAN JUST LUMP IT.
I'D LIKE TO THANK
THE SCRIPT SUPERVISOR
IRA HURVITZ.[cheering]
THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD PEOPLE
WORKING ON THIS SHOW.
I HAVE TO WATCH THE CONTINUITY
TO MAKE SURE,
SINCE WE'RE SHOOTING
OUT OF ORDER,
WE DON'T FORGET ANY DETAILS.
I MEAN, I CAN SO HEAVILY RELY
ON THE MAKEUP AND HAIR PEOPLE.
[laughing]
I DOUBT IT.YOU'RE WELCOME.
UM, WHERE WERE YOU THIS MORNING
WHEN I WOKE UP?
HERE GETTING READY
FOR THE "HOUSE" BIG WRAP PARTY.
[group singing in Spanish]
YES, INDEED,
THIS IS A BIG WRAP PARTY.
OF COURSE,
WE HAVE A WRAP PARTY
AT THE END OF EVERY SEASON,
BUT THIS IS THE END
OF EVERYTHING--EIGHT YEARS.
ALMOST 1,000 PEOPLE
HAVE WORKED ON THIS SHOW.
THERE'S A LOT OF STORIES
TO BE TOLD,
A LOT OF TEARS TO BE SHED,
A LOT OF SONGS TO BE SUNG.
♪ THE NIGHT
♪ AND THE TENNESSEE WALTZ
THAT, BY THE WAY,
IS NOT A PROP MARTINI.
♪ THE TENNESSEE WALTZ
[cheers and applause]
[man] GOOD NIGHT.
♪♪
DID YOU JUST TAKE A PILL?NO.
I HAVE BEEN WATCHING IT
FROM THE BEGINNING.
I'VE HEARD
FROM A LOT OF PEOPLE,
AND I'VE HAD
THIS EXPERIENCE MYSELF
WHERE WE'LL WEAR A "HOUSE" HAT
OR A "HOUSE" T-SHIRT,
AND PEOPLE REALLY DO
COME UP TO US AND SAY,
"DO YOU WORK ON 'HOUSE'?"
IT'S NICE.AND JAMIE TAKES
ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
I'M NOT SAYING I TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THAT.AND SHE GETS FREE STUFF.
PLEASE DON'T AIR THAT
ON NATIONAL TV.
I JUST WANT TO THANK "HOUSE"
FOR HAVING ME OUT
AND INSPIRING ME IN MAKING
ONE OF THE BIGGEST DECISIONS
IN MY LIFE,
THAT I WANT TO CONTINUE
TO MED SCHOOL AND BE A DOCTOR.
RITA FROM
BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN,
WANTS TO KNOW WHY MILLIONS
OF PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD...AROUND THE WORLD.
ARE INVESTED IN THE CHARACTER
OF GREGORY HOUSE.
I THINK IT'S BECAUSE
OF YOUR BLUE EYES.
RIGHT.
I THINK THAT'S IT.THAT'S PRETTY MUCH
WHAT I WAS SAYING,
BUT MORE CONDENSED.
♪♪♪
DR. HOUSE, IF YOU'RE
GONNA SAVE THIS PATIENT,
YOU'LL NEED THIS.
GET THIS THING
OUT OF MY SIGHT!
CAN YOU HELP ME?
WELL,
LET'S SEE NOW.[laughter]
[gasps]THE GENITALS
SEEM HEALTHY.
YOU ARE A WOMAN,
RIGHT?[laughter]
[whispering]
I'M HOSTING THE EMMYS.
OH. WHAT A FEATHER
IN YOUR CAP.
MR. LAURIE, I'M PROUD
TO PRESENT YOU THE--
WITH
THE GOLDEN CAMERA AWARD.
ALL ARTISTS
MUST TRAVEL A LOT.
[bleep]
IT'S MADE ME THINK.
IT'S MADE ME LAUGH A LOT.
IT'S MADE ME CRY.
THANK YOU, "HOUSE."THANK YOU FOR EIGHT
GREAT SEASONS.
THANK YOU.THANK YOU.
I KNOW I AM NEVER,
EVER GOING TO FORGET IT.
♪♪♪
[playing piano]
"I LEFT HOLMES SEATED IN
FRONT OF THE SMOLDERING FIRE.
"AND LONG INTO THE WATCHES
OF THE NIGHT
"I HEARD THE LOW, MELANCHOLY
WAILINGS OF HIS VIOLIN
"AND KNEW
THAT HE WAS STILL PONDERING
OVER THE STRANGE PROBLEM WHICH
HE HAD SET HIMSELF TO UNRAVEL."
CALL RADIOLOGY.
I WANT TO SEE THE MUSIC.
AM I RIGHT IN SAYING
CONAN DOYLE BASED
SHERLOCK HOLMES ON A DOCTOR.
I DON'T WANT TO SAY YOU BASED
HOUSE ON THE DOCTOR,
BUT THE SIMILARITIES ARE...YEAH, A LITTLE--
INSPIRED.
THERE ARE PARALLELS,
AND BECAUSE OF THOSE PARALLELS,
THERE WAS A WINK OF THE EYE,
BUT IT WAS NEVER INTENDED TO BE
A MODERN-DAY HOLMES,
A DOCTOR WHO FUNDAMENTALLY ISN'T
INTERESTED IN SAVING LIVES...
[gunshot]BUT IS INTERESTED
IN THE PUZZLE.
THERE'S ALSO
THE IMPLICATION, THOUGH,
IN THE ART OF THE PUZZLE,
THAT THE PERSON WHO THRIVES
ON PUZZLE-SOLVING
MUST BE LESS EMPATHETIC,
LESS, UH, EMOTIONAL.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
UP IN MIDDLETOWN?
YOU KNOW WHAT'S MORE INTERESTING
THAN WHAT I WAS DOING
IS THE REASON YOU ARE
SO OBSESSED
WITH WHAT I WAS DOING.
HOUSE AND WILSON,
HOLMES AND WATSON--
THE NAMES
ARE A CLEAR HOMAGE.ROBERT DOES CARRY
A SORT OF WATSON-IAN
SOLID CITIZEN...
YEAH.AURA ABOUT HIM.
I LOVE HOUSE AND WILSON'S
RELATIONSHIP,
BECAUSE THERE'S
A SENSE OF MUTUAL RESPECT
AND HONESTLY[grunts]
[winces]I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE
HUGH HAS A TWINKLE IN HIS EYE
THAT YOU ONLY SEE
WHEN HE'S TALKING TO--
TO WILSON.
WELL, WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
YOU KNOW THE SHOW'S FINISHED.
NEVER GONNA USE
THESE SETS AGAIN.
AND AT 9:00 TOMORROW MORNING,
LARGE MEN WITH CHAIN SAWS
ARE COMING IN.
WELL, OBVIOUSLY,
THERE'S ONLY ONE THING TO DO.
♪♪♪
[groans]
[Hugh]
IT WAS A FUN NIGHT, THOUGH.
THE STRANGEST THING,
ISN'T IT?
EIGHT YEARS
THAT WE HAVE BEEN WALKING--
[paintball gun fires]NOW THAT'S
VERY SATISFYING. YEAH.
[paintball gun firing]
[laughs]
[paintball gun firing
on automatic fire]
WHAT THE...I DID NOT KNOW YOU HAD
THAT CAPABILITY.
I DARE YOU TO SHOOT
YOUR OWN FOOT.NO, I'M NOT GOING TO,
BECAUSE I ACTUALLY DID
THIS ONCE, AND IT HURTS.
I'M GONNA SHOOT
MY OWN FOOT.GO AHEAD.
OH! F...
[laughs]
ODDLY ENOUGH,
THAT DOES STING--
THAT DOES STING
A LITTLE BIT.
YEAH, THAT'LL--
YOU'LL FEEL THAT.OH! [laughs]
YEAH.I-I DIDN'T WANT
TO WARN YOU,
'CAUSE, LIKE, I ENJOY--I KNEW
I WOULD ENJOY YOU IN PAIN.
SO I DIDN'T WANT
TO WARN YOU TOO STRONGLY,
BUT IT DOES HURT.BUT THE THINGS
I AM PREPARED TO DO
TO ENTERTAIN THE GENERAL PUBLIC.
IT REALLY IS PATHETIC.
SHOULD WE END THIS?YEAH, LET'S END IT.
WE JUST END IT NOW.
♪ YOU'VE GOT TO WIN A LITTLE
♪ LOSE A LITTLE
♪ YES, AND ALWAYS HAVE
THE BLUES A LITTLE ♪
♪ THAT'S THE STORY OF
♪ THAT'S THE GLORY OF LOVE...
THERE OBVIOUSLY IS NO SHOW
WITHOUT THE FANS,
AND MORE FUNDAMENTALLY,
THERE'S NO POINT TO THE SHOW
WITHOUT THE FANS.
THIS IS THE EXACT SPOT
WHERE I STOOD, SAT,
PACED NERVOUSLY
BEFORE MY VERY FIRST AUDITION
FOR THE ROLE OF HOUSE
BACK IN 2004.
SINCE THEN, IT'S BEEN
AN INCREDIBLE JOURNEY,
AN UNFORGETTABLE PART
OF MY LIFE,
OF MANY PEOPLE'S LIVES--
THESE PEOPLE.
♪ AS LONG AS THERE'S
JUST THE TWO OF US ♪
♪ OH, WE'VE GOT THE WORLD
AND ITS CHARMS ♪
♪ AND WHEN THE WORLD
IS THROUGH WITH US ♪
♪ WE'VE GOT EACH OTHER'S ARMS
♪ YOU'VE GOT TO
♪ WIN A LITTLE
♪ LOSE A LITTLE
♪ YES, AND ALWAYS HAVE
THE BLUES A LITTLE ♪
♪ THAT'S THE STORY OF
♪ THAT'S THE GLORY OF LOVE
♪ OH
♪ THAT'S THE STORY OF
♪ THAT'S THE GLORY
♪ OF LOVE